add wandb example to readme (#22)
lapix-ufsc/lapixdl: README.md

# Shows confusion matrix and returns its Figure and Axes
fig, axes = eval.show_confusion_matrix()
```

> #### Example of how to log the results of lapixdl evaluations for Wandb

Reviewer: Just to keep the case for the product names:
```suggestion
#### Example of how to log the results of LAPiX DL evaluations in the Weights & Biases platform
```

About [Weights & Biases](https://docs.wandb.ai/).

> ```python

Author: The `python` for code snippets?

> ```python

Reviewer: yes
